Git is a shipping company.
1. Working Directory: The warehouse floor (where we are building stuff)
2. Staging Area (git add): The loading Dock (boxing things up)
3. Local Repo (git commit): The truck (sealed and recorded in the logbook)
4. Remote Repo (git push): the Destination (Github servers)

Step by step:
1. git init (turn this folder into a git repository)
2. git branch -M main (tell git that the default branch is named 'main' (Modern standard))
3. git remote add origin https://github.com/Jonathanhelga/Personal-Website.git (connect the local warehouse to the destination)
4. git remote -v (Verify it worked)
(if connected you should see origin listed twice, for fetch and push).

PHASE 2 (Save & Ship) 
1. Check the status before (git status)
    - Red files: Modified but not staged (not in the box).
    - Green files: Staged and ready to commit (in the box).
2. Box it up (Add to the box) you have a modified README. Put them in the box.
DISCLAIMER: IF you don't have .gitignore or README.md dont do git add .
    - git add .
3. Seal the box and commit, this creates a permanent snapshot
    - git commit -m "feat: initial project upload with documentation"
NOTE TO REMEMBER :
Never write a lazy message like "update". Use the format: type: description.

feat: for new things.

fix: for bugs.

docs: for README changes.

style: for CSS changes.

4. Send the truck (Push) this sends my local commit to GitHub server
    # -u means "upstream". You only need to type -u the very first time.
    # After this, you can just type "git push".
    git push -u origin main
    git push

if face an error 
Scenario: You try to push, and the terminal screams:

Permission denied (publickey) or Authentication failed.

The Problem: GitHub doesn't know who you are. You can't just push code to Jonathan's repo without proving you are Jonathan.

The Fix: If you see an error asking for a password, do not type your GitHub password. It won't work. You need a Personal Access Token (PAT) or to use the GitHub CLI.

The easiest way for a student:

Download GitHub CLI (gh).

Run: gh auth login in your terminal.

Follow the prompts (select GitHub.com -> HTTPS -> Login with Browser).

Your Action: Perform Phase 1 and Phase 2 right now. If you get an error, paste the exact error message here. Do not guess the solution.


IMPORTANTE:
I should explicitly set my name and email to match the one you use professionally 
(the one associated with my GitHub account).

here's how :
git config --global user.name "Your Full Professional Name"
git config --global user.email "jonathanhelgalie@gmail.com"


git commit -m "feat: add mobile view system" -m "- Created MobileView component" -m "- Updated App.css media queries" -m "- Fixed alignment in About Me section"

git commit -m "feat: set a minimum size screen to view the website" -m "style: change the layout for AboutMe and allow scroll for description in small devices"